CPP-4792 Create rule S6871: All the elements of an aggregate should be provided with an initial value (#3538)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6871/cfamily/rule.adoc

When an object of aggregate type (array of aggregate class) is non-zero initialized,
values for each element or field should be provided.

== Why is this an issue?

A syntax for initializing an array in c or {cpp},
allows to provide an initial value for the elements of the array.
When no value is provided for the tailing elements, 
such elements will be zero-initialized for builtin-types (like `int` or pointers),
and _value-initialized_ in case of records of struct.

> [source,c]

Reviewer: I based this on the fact that you will see the initial text all the time when looking at issue, so you will know what is not compliant
![image](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/assets/79814193/0209dc6a-1616-4d6b-b045-ebf948e319f4)

> [source,c]

Reviewer: And if someone ask, what is an impact, there is an section to jump, so you can scroll.

> [source,c]

Reviewer: I see what you are mean. I will try to add a sentence here.

> [source,c]

Reviewer 2: I'm satisfied after the discussion we had.

----
int a1[5] = {1, 2, 3};              // Noncompliant, last two elements are initialized with 0
int a2[4] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};        // Complaint
int* a3[3] = {a1, a1 + 1};          // Noncomplaint, last pointer is null
int* a4[3] = {a1, a1 + 1, nullptr}; // Complaint
----

Similarly, when an aggregate class or struct is initialized, 
an initial value may be provided for each field. 
All reaming fields are initialized in the same manner as
elements of the array: 

> [source,c]

Reviewer: I think I target most of them to be subset of c and cpp, and marked them as c

----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

Pod p1{1};    // Noncomplaint, x is set to 0
Pod p2{1, 0}; // Complaint
----

These rule also applies when arrays and aggregate structs,
are nested:

[source,c]
----
struct PodPair {
  Pod first;
  Pod second;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int c1[2][2] = {{1}, {2}};  // Noncompliant, second element of each nested array does not have an initial value provided
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2}};  // Noncomplaint, field `y` of `c[1]` and whole `c[2]` object does not have initial value provided
PodPair c3 = {{1}};         // Noncomplaint, field `y` of `c3.first` and whole `c[2]` object do not have initial value provided,
ArrayMember c4 = {1, 2, 3}; // Noncomplaint, last tree elements of array `c4.vals` do not have initial value provided
----

This rule raises issues if such non-zero initialization of aggregate (array or class/struct),
does not provide values for all elements or fields.

=== What is the potential impact?

> When the initializer omits the initializer for some of the elements of the array or the field of the aggregate,

Reviewer 2: "the initializer omits the initializer" sounds confusing.

the intent of the code is unclear.
It is impossible to determine if the initial value was skipped on purpose, or is the result of the later modification of the code,
that changed the size of the array or added a new field to the aggregate class.
In the latter case, the zero or default value of the element or the field, may not be handled properly,
leading to unexpected program behavior.

As an illustration, if the field or element has a pointer type, it will be initialized with a null-pointer value,
and may lead to null-pointer dereference.

> === What about zero initialization?

Reviewer 2: I very much like how you used those extra sections! It gives a nice structure to the rule. 👍

which will be used if the initializer list of the object does not provide value for the field.
The issue is not raised in such a situation, as the initial value of the class was provided by the class author,
and should be handled properly. 

[source,cpp]
----
struct Aggr {
  int a;
  int b;
  int c = 0;
};

Aggr a0{};           // Complaint, zero-initialization
Aggr a1{10};         // Noncompliant, no initial value for field `b`, which does not have a default value
Aggr a2{10, 20};     // Complaint, field `c` has a default value specified in `Aggr` definition
Aggr a3{10, 20, 30}; // Complaint, all fields have initial values
----

With the use of a designated initializer, such default value is meaningful for non-trailing fields:
[source,cpp]
----
struct Mid {
  int a;
  int b = 10;
  int c;
};

Mid m1{.a = 10, .b = 10}; // Noncompliant, no initial for field `c` that does not have a default value
Mid m1{.a = 10, .c = 2};  // Complaint, field `b` has a default value specified in `Mid` definition
----

=== Why the issue is raised when I used parenthesis?

{cpp}20 allows aggregate types to be initialized using the parenthesis (`()`) in addition to the braces (`{}`).

> This syntax still allows skipping initial values of a field or an element of aggregate, and the rule also raises issues in such a situation:

Reviewer: Added one.

[source,c]
----
int a1[5](1, 2, 3);       // Noncompliant, last two elements are initialized with 0
int a2[4](1, 2, 3, 4, 5); // Complaint
Pod p1(1);                // Noncomplaint, x does not have inital value
Pod p2(1, 0);             // Complaint
----

== How to fix it

Provide initial value for all elements of the array or fields of the
aggregate or zero-initialize the object.

> TODO: should I have separate examples or just roll into why this is an issue

Reviewer: Added

When an array or an object of aggregate type is non-zero initialized,
values for each element or field should be provided.

== Why is this an issue?

In C or {cpp}, it is possible to provide an initial value for the elements of an array.
When fewer values are provided than the size of the array,
the last elements of the array are zero-initialized for builtin-types (like `int` or pointers),
and _value-initialized_ otherwise.

> 

Reviewer: This is in `What is potential impact section`.

> 

Reviewer: Marco raised a similar point, and I have pointed out that in the UI you are always seeing the initial sentence (first two lines) before the tabs.

[source,c]
----
int a1[5] = {1, 2, 3};              // Noncompliant, last two elements are initialized with 0
int a2[4] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};        // Compliant
int* a3[3] = {a1, a1 + 1};          // Noncompliant, the last pointer is null
int* a4[3] = {a1, a1 + 1, nullptr}; // Compliant
----

Similarly, when an aggregate class or struct is initialized,
an initial value may be provided for each field.
All reaming fields are initialized in the same manner as

> elements of an array:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
elements of an array, but this rule requests explicit initialization:
```

[source,cpp]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

Pod p1{1};    // Noncompliant, `y` does not have an initial value
Pod p2{1, 0}; // Compliant
----

This behavior applies recursively when arrays and aggregates are nested:

[source,c]
----
struct PodPair {
  Pod first;
  Pod second;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int c1[2][2] = {{1}, {2}};  // Noncompliant, the second elements of each nested array do not have an initial value provided
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2}};  // Noncompliant, field `y` of `c2[1]` and whole `c2[2]` object do not have an initial value provided
PodPair c3 = {{1}};         // Noncompliant, field `y` of `c3.first` and whole `c3.second` object do not have an initial value provided,
ArrayMember c4 = {1, 2, 3}; // Noncompliant, the last two elements of `c4.vals` do not have an initial value provided
----

> This rule raises issues if such non-zero initialization of aggregate (array or class/struct),
> does not provide values for all elements or fields.

Reviewer 3: We usually use the singular
```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when a non-zero initialization of an aggregate (array or class/struct),
does not provide values for all its elements or fields.
```

=== What is the potential impact?

The intent of the code is unclear when the initializer omits the values for some of the elements or fields:

> Was the initial value skipped on purpose?
> Or was it an oversight?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Is the initial value skipped on purpose or is it an oversight?
```

> Is it the result of later code modifications that changed the array size or added a new field?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Is it because, after the initial code was written, the array size was changed, or a new field was added, and the initialization was not updated?
```

> In the latter case, the zero or default value may not be handled properly,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In that case, the zero or default value may not be handled properly,
```

leading to unexpected program behavior.

As an illustration, if the field or element has a pointer type, it will be initialized with a null-pointer value,
and may lead to null-pointer dereference.

=== What about zero initialization?

> When initializing an array with a large number of elements, or a complex structure,
> it is often desired to set all elements or fields to zero, or default value (for class with default constructor).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When initializing an array with a large number of elements, or a complex structure,
it is often desired to set all the elements or fields to zero, or to their default values (for classes with default constructors).
```

Such situations are usually indicated by an empty set of braces `{}` for {cpp},
or braces with `{0}` or `{NULL}` in the case of C.
The issue is not raised in such a situation.

[source,c]
----

> int a1[10] = {0}; // Compliant

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
int a1[10] = {0}; // Compliant
int a2[10] = {}; // Compliant
```

ArrayMember c4{1, {}};        // Compliant
----

=== What if designated initializers are used?

The C standard provides a designated initialization syntax
that explicitly denotes the field or element of the aggregate for which value is provided.
This rule also raises an issue if the initial value for an element or field is not provided.

[source,c]
----
int a1[3] = { [1] = 1, [2] = 2 };          // Noncompliant, first element do not have initial value provided
int a2[3] = { [0] = 0, [1] = 1, [2] = 2 }; // Compliant
Pod p1 = {.y = 10};                        // Noncompliant, `p.x` do not have initial value provided
Pod p2 = {.x = 0, .y = 10};                // Compliant
----

{cpp}20 has adopted a limited version of this feature.
This rule also raises an issue in the case of incomplete initializers.

=== What if the field has a default member initializer?

{cpp}11 allows class fields to specify a default value
that will be used if no other value is provided during construction.
Such default member initializers cannot be used in aggregate types until {cpp}14,
which guarantees that the default value is used if the initializer list does not provide a value for the field.

> The issue is not raised in such a situation, as the initial value of the class was provided by the class author,
> and should be handled properly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The issue is not raised when a field with a default value is not explicitly initialized, as an initial value was provided by the class author,
and should be handled properly.
```

[source,cpp]
----
struct Aggr {
  int a;
  int b;
  int c = 0;
};

Aggr a0{};           // Compliant, zero-initialization
Aggr a1{10};         // Noncompliant, no initial value for field `b`, which does not have a default value
Aggr a2{10, 20};     // Compliant, field `c` has a default value specified in `Aggr` definition
Aggr a3{10, 20, 30}; // Compliant, all fields have initial values
----

With the use of a designated initializer, such default value is meaningful for non-trailing fields:
[source,cpp]
----
struct Mid {
  int a;
  int b = 10;
  int c;
};

> Mid m1{.a = 10, .b = 10}; // Noncompliant, no initial for field `c` that does not have a default value

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Mid m1{.a = 10, .b = 10}; // Noncompliant, no initial value for field `c`, which does not have a default value
```

Mid m1{.a = 10, .c = 2};  // Compliant, field `b` has a default value specified in `Mid` definition
----

> === Why is the issue raised when I use parenthesis?

Reviewer 3: When reading this, I understood that any use of parenthesis would raise an issue...
```suggestion
=== Can the issue be raised if I use parenthesis instead of curly braces?
```

Reviewer: I much prefer my title. It is designed to match a question that the reader my ask or look for an answer for it.

{cpp}20 allows aggregate types to be initialized using the parenthesis (`()`) in addition to the braces (`{}`),

> which simplifies writing generic code that creates an object (see rule S6872 for more details).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
which simplifies writing generic code that creates an object (see S6872 for more details).
```

> This syntax also allows providing initial values for a subset of fields or array elements.
> For this reason, this rule raises issues when using this syntax.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This syntax also allows not to specify all values during initialization and this rule raises an issue in that case too.
```

};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0};             // Compliant
Pod p1{1, 0};                            // Compliant
int c1[2][2] = {{1, 0}, {2, 0}};         // Compliant
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2, 0}, {0, 0}};    // Compliant
PodPair c3 = {{1, 0}, {0, 0}};           // Compliant
ArrayMember c4 = {1, {2, 3, 0, 0, 0}};   // Compliant
----

Or use zero-initialization syntax for `c2` and `c3`:
[source,cpp]
----
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2, 0}, {}};  // Compliant
PodPair c3{{1, 0}, {}};            // Compliant
----

Use idomatic syntax for zero-intialization.

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,c,diff-id=2,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {0, 0, 0};           // Noncompliant
int c1[2][3] = {{0, 0}, {0, 0}}; // Noncompliant
ArrayMember c2 = {11};           // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,c,diff-id=2,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {0};            // Compliant
int c1[2][3] = {0};         // Compliant
ArrayMember c2 = {11, {0}}; // Compliant
----

The previous solution works for both C and {cpp}.

> Here is an alternative syntax exclusively for {cpp}:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is an alternative {cpp}-specific version:
```

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,cpp,diff-id=3,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

Pod p1{1};           // Noncompliant
ArrayMember m1{11};  // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,cpp,diff-id=3,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y = 2;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4]{1, 2, 3, 4};
};

Pod p1{1};           // Compliant
ArrayMember m1{11};  // Compliant
----

=== Going the extra mile

When initializing a nested aggregate type (e.g., an array of aggregates),
braces around nested object initial values may be omitted.
This feature is referred to as _brace elision_.

[source,c]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

int e1[3][2] = {1, 2, 3}; // Noncompliant, `e1[1][2]` and `e1[2]` do not have initial valus
Pod e2[4] = {1, 2, 3};    // Noncompliant, `e2[1].y`, `e[2]`, and `e[3]` do not have initial value
----

To comply with this rule, supplying an initial value to all elements is required:
[source,c]
----
int e1[3][2] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0};    // Compliant
Pod e2[2] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0}; // Compliant
----

> However, for the sake of readability, it is recommended to use nested braces to reflect the structure of the object (see rule S835):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, for the sake of readability, it is recommended to use nested braces to reflect the structure of the object (see S835):
```

----
int a1[10] = {0}; // Compliant
Pod p1 = {0};     // Compliant
PodPair c1 = {0}; // Compliant
----

This exception also applies when the nested aggregate is zero-initialized:

[source,cpp]
----
int c1[2][2]{{1, 2}, {}};     // Compliant
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {}, {}}; // Compliant
PodPair c3 = {{}, {1, 0}};    // Compliant
ArrayMember c4{1, {}};        // Compliant
----

=== What if designated initializers are used?

The C standard provides a designated initialization syntax
that explicitly denotes the field or element of the aggregate for which value is provided.
This rule also raises an issue if the initial value for an element or field is not provided.

[source,c]
----
int a1[3] = { [1] = 1, [2] = 2 };          // Noncompliant, first element do not have initial value provided
int a2[3] = { [0] = 0, [1] = 1, [2] = 2 }; // Compliant
Pod p1 = {.y = 10};                        // Noncompliant, `p.x` do not have initial value provided
Pod p2 = {.x = 0, .y = 10};                // Compliant
----

{cpp}20 has adopted a limited version of this feature.
This rule also raises an issue in the case of incomplete initializers.

=== What if the field has a default member initializer?

> {cpp}11 allows the data members (fields) of a class to specify a default value
> that will be used if no other value is provided during construction.

Reviewer 2: So far, "field" was used. Feels weird to use "data member" here.

```suggestion
{cpp}11 allows class fields to specify a default value
that will be used if no other value is provided during construction.
```

which guarantees that the default value is used if the initializer list does not provide a value for the field.
The issue is not raised in such a situation, as the initial value of the class was provided by the class author,
and should be handled properly.

[source,cpp]
----
struct Aggr {
  int a;
  int b;
  int c = 0;
};

Aggr a0{};           // Compliant, zero-initialization
Aggr a1{10};         // Noncompliant, no initial value for field `b`, which does not have a default value
Aggr a2{10, 20};     // Compliant, field `c` has a default value specified in `Aggr` definition
Aggr a3{10, 20, 30}; // Compliant, all fields have initial values
----

With the use of a designated initializer, such default value is meaningful for non-trailing fields:
[source,cpp]
----
struct Mid {
  int a;
  int b = 10;
  int c;
};

Mid m1{.a = 10, .b = 10}; // Noncompliant, no initial for field `c` that does not have a default value
Mid m1{.a = 10, .c = 2};  // Compliant, field `b` has a default value specified in `Mid` definition
----

=== Why is the issue raised when I use parenthesis?

{cpp}20 allows aggregate types to be initialized using the parenthesis (`()`) in addition to the braces (`{}`),

> which simplies writting generic code that creates an object (see rule S6872 for more details).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which simplifies writing generic code that creates an object (see rule S6872 for more details).
```

> This syntax still allows skipping initial values of a field or an element of aggregate, and the rule also raises issues in such a situation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This syntax also allows providing initial values for a subset of fields or array elements.
For this reason, this rule raises issues when using this syntax.
```

> [source,c]
> ----
> int a1[5](1, 2, 3);       // Noncompliant, last two elements do not have initial value
> int a2[4](1, 2, 3, 4, 5); // Compliant
> Pod p1(1);                // Noncompliant, `y` does not have inital value
> Pod p2(1, 0);             // Compliant
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,cpp]
----
int a1[5](1, 2, 3);       // Noncompliant, the last two elements do not have an initial value
int a2[4](1, 2, 3, 4, 5); // Compliant
Pod p1(1);                // Noncompliant, `y` does not have an inital value
Pod p2(1, 0);             // Compliant
----
```

== How to fix it

This issue can be addressed by either:

> * providing intial value for the element or field in initializer of in class defintion ({cpp}14 or later)
> * using idomatic zero-initialization syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* providing an initial value for the elements or fields in the initializer or using default member initializer ({cpp}14 and later);
* using the idiomatic zero-initialization syntax.
```

[source,cpp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

struct PodPair {
  Pod first;
  Pod second;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {1, 2, 3};        // Noncompliant
Pod p1{1};                    // Noncompliant
int c1[2][2] = {{1}, {2}};    // Noncompliant
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2}};    // Noncompliant
PodPair c3 = {{1}};           // Noncompliant
ArrayMember c4 = {1, {2, 3}}; // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,c,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

struct PodPair {
  Pod first;
  Pod second;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0};             // Compliant
Pod p1{1, 0};                            // Compliant
int c1[2][2] = {{1, 0}, {2, 0}};         // Compliant
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2, 0}, {0, 0}};    // Compliant
PodPair c3 = {{1, 0}, {0, 0}};           // Compliant
ArrayMember c4 = {1, {2, 3, 0, 0, 0}};   // Compliant
----

Or use zero-initialization syntax for `c2` and `c3`:
[source,cpp]
----
Pod c2[3] = {{1, 2}, {2, 0}, {}};  // Compliant
PodPair c3{{1, 0}, {}};            // Compliant
----

> === Code examples

Reviewer 2: This section appears multiple times. The CI rejects this. https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/3538/checks?check_run_id=20860557584

I'd simply remove all but the first one...

Reviewer: Thanks. Done.

Use idomatic syntax for zero-intialization.

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,c,diff-id=2,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {0, 0, 0};           // Noncompliant
int c1[2][3] = {{0, 0}, {0, 0}}; // Noncompliant
ArrayMember c2 = {11};           // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,c,diff-id=2,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

int a1[5] = {0};            // Compliant
int c1[2][3] = {0};         // Compliant
ArrayMember c2 = {11, {0}}; // Compliant
----

> Or in case of {cpp}:

Reviewer 2: This could be interpreted as the previous solution does not work for C.

```suggestion
The previous solution works for both C and {cpp}.
Here is an alternative syntax exclusively for {cpp}:
```

[source,cpp]
----
int a1[5]{};               // Compliant
int c1[2][3] = {{}, {}};   // Compliant
ArrayMember c2 = {11, {}}; // Compliant
----

=== Code examples

For {cpp}14 or later, provide default value for the field in class.

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,cpp,diff-id=3,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4];
};

Pod p1{1};           // Noncompliant
ArrayMember m1{11};  // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,cpp,diff-id=3,diff-type=compliant]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y = 2;
};

struct ArrayMember {
  int id;
  int vals[4]{1, 2, 3, 4};
};

Pod p1{1};           // Compliant
ArrayMember m1{11};  // Compliant
----

=== Going the extra mile

> When initializing an nested aggregate type (e.g. array of aggregates) an braces around nested object initial values may be omitted.
> This feature is referred to as _brace elision_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When initializing a nested aggregate type (e.g., an array of aggregates),
braces around nested object initial values may be omitted.
This feature is referred to as _brace elision_.
```

[source,c]
----
struct Pod {
  int x;
  int y;
};

int e1[3][2] = {1, 2, 3}; // Noncompliant, `e1[1][2]` and `e1[2]` do not have initial valus
Pod e2[4] = {1, 2, 3};    // Noncompliant, `e2[1].y`, `e[2]`, and `e[3]` do not have initial value
----

> For the purpose of compliance with this rule, supplying initial value to all elements is required:

Reviewer 2: "For the purpose of" sounds like the rule is annoying/broken.

```suggestion
To comply with this rule, supplying an initial value to all elements is required:
```

[source,c]
----
int e1[3][2] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0};    // Compliant
Pod e2[2] = {1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0}; // Compliant
----

> However, for the sake of readability it is recommended to use a nested brace to indicate a structure (see S835 rule):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, for the sake of readability, it is recommended to use nested braces to reflect the structure of the object (see rule S835):
```

[source,c]
----
int e1[3][2] = {{1, 2}, {3, 0}, {0, 0}};      // Compliant
Pod e2[2] = {{1, 2}, {3, 0}, {0, 0}, {0, 0}}; // Compliant
----

> Or using zero initialization, when appropariate:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or use zero initialization, when appropriate:
```

> When an object of aggregate type (array of aggregate class) is non-zero initialized,
> values for each element or field should be provided.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if the parentheses are clear. Also, the order of "element" and "field" is reversed versus "aggregate" and "array".

What do you think of this?

```suggestion
When an array or an object of aggregate type is non-zero initialized,
values for each element or field should be provided.
```

(This is probably not 100% correct from a pedantic point of view. But it should be understandable I think.)

== Why is this an issue?

> A syntax for initializing an array in c or {cpp},
> allows to provide an initial value for the elements of the array.
> When no value is provided for the tailing elements,
> such elements will be zero-initialized for builtin-types (like `int` or pointers),
> and _value-initialized_ in case of records of struct.

Reviewer 2: I tried to simplify the paragraph a bit and to avoid some repetition.
```suggestion
In C or {cpp}, it is possible to provide an initial value for the elements of an array.
When fewer values are provided than the size of the array,
the last elements of the array are zero-initialized for builtin-types (like `int` or pointers),
and _value-initialized_ otherwise.
```
